From Hollywood, California, NerdMelt Studios, Harmontown is now in session.
Thank you, thank you.
I am your guest comptroller, Spencer Crittenden.
Thank you, thank you. You're too kind, that's very kind.
But please give it up to the person you're really here to see.
The mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you, thank you.
Guest Comptroller, Spencer Crittenden everybody.
Yeah man.
It's a bare bones show tonight.
Yeah, I was, it's fucking hot man.
I was gonna, you know, the thing about controlling that people don't know is you gotta wear a suit to do it.
We have a lot of guests and they don't get that memo or whatever, but you gotta wear a suit
and I would have worn one but I would have been sweating a motherfucker.
No, you don't have to.
No, you gotta wear, let me, let me make this real clear.
You gotta wear a suit to be the Comptroller.
Like I wrote five minutes of material about the suit I was planning to wear, you know.
Did you actually put it on and then go, I'm taking this off?
No, I mean I was running around finding an air conditioner all day
and then I had to clean up my area to put an air conditioner into place
and then by then I was sweating so hard I was like, I can't even put on a suit man.
But I still have all this great material, you know, like,
oh yeah, 201st episode Harmon, thanks for dressing up, you know.
Like, it would have made sense if I was wearing a suit, that's the thing.
A lot of his stuff was in this pre-suit.
Yeah.
Well, I wrote down, by the way, for those of you who are new here,
I'm not being aloof when I'm looking, I'm not texting, I'm looking, these are my notes.
It's 201, so I kind of, we were talking about the concept of the prestige
of the video game, which I've only learned through incremental clickers.
My favorite game currently is Cookie Collector 2.
You can laugh all you want, but the truth is all of you are just collecting cookies in real life.
And now Cookie Collector...
Don't mock me.
The second one really improves on a lot of shortfalls in the first one, right?
Make all the obvious Cookie Collector 2 addict jokes you want.
There's a million of them that are immediately present.
I mean, every dot is within one inch of every other dot.
You know what's creative?
You know what's ironic?
Brave, heroic, saying, I play Cookie Collector 2 and spitting on you.
Sorry, sorry.
Say, frothing at the mouth about, did it again.
Just for the people at home, for the listeners at home,
prestigeing is when you roll over your levels to start over in a better way.
You're kind of reborn, you're reborning yourself.
Is that a word?
Reborning?
You're prestigeing, you're starting over.
That's what we're doing.
It's not that 200 will definitely be the...
Because the Jason Bourne movie is coming out, you know, the next one.
Isn't this one just called, like, Jason Bourne for real?
Reborn Legacy.
Yeah, but they had to go through all the Bourne dichotomy, the Bourne eulogy,
the Bourne octology.
But now it's like Matt Damon's back, so it's like, the Bourne.
Because one of them was just like Jeremy Renner, it was like, the Bourne brother.
Yeah.
Bourne, Bournman.
Bournman apprenticeship.
I'd like to be a Bourne, please.
Oh, Stewie.
No, I'm gonna be the best Bourne ever.
But you can't even know how many exits are in a room.
You can't even, like, placidly, like, lock eyes with a beautiful international diplomat
and explain to her that you're so powerful, you don't know why you could kick so much ass.
You can't do that, but I can try.
You know, Bournman.
I'm a little high.
It's not, I promise you, you're getting your money's worth.
But so the...
But we're prestigeing.
I mean, this is a real unprecedented moment in podcasting history.
Like, there's plenty of podcasts that have had 200 episodes, but this isn't gonna be 201.
This is gonna be Harmontown Prestige Episode 1.
Right.
You see?
We're prestigeing.
Typically in an incremental clicker, like Cookie Collector 2,
prestigeing means that you get to start over as if you're playing the game for the first time.
However, you have bonuses from muffins, cupcakes.
Right.
And then the podcast world, you get to start over and delete all of your bad iTunes reviews.
It's all just fives.
In Resident Evil 1 on PlayStation 1,
prestigeing was you finished all of Resident Evil and you get to play it again with a rocket launcher.
I think that was like the original kind of prestige culture.
Yeah, back when it was just New Game Plus.
If we were prestigeing not to be mistaken with the age-old,
if I could improve myself, I was, be greedy, be selfish, beat the game.
Not accountable to what you think is a good person or a bad person.
If you were gonna prestige as Spencer,
I guess maybe relative to the podcast, so it's relatable.
Right.
So, the Spencer that is the character on Harmontown,
if that character was gonna prestige out of selfishness, what would prestigeing involve?
Well, I think my position would, I'd be promoted to like Comptroller from here on out.
So like going forward, I'd just be the co-host, yeah.
Do you think, would Jeff move over there or would he just like, would he just vanish?
He'd prestige to like club promoter or something.
Now I think Jeff is like standing in the back, like we're at Jeff's place instead of downtown.
And Jeff, Jeff down theater. And Jeff is just like happy as a can of peaches,
giving a thumbs up from the back.
He's like bud Friedman.
He tells people like not to use flash photography and stuff.
Yeah, God, Jeff loves doing that.
Okay, so, here's the thing.
So there's a new movie out that I haven't seen yet called Now You See Me Too.
It's a sequel to a movie called Now You See Me.
Correct.
Well, okay, let's go there first then, which is, by the way, your title,
the whole point of it is that it's the first part of a two-part thing.
I guarantee you nobody that wrote that movie, let alone that title,
thought they were ever gonna be doing a sequel.
Can you imagine the guy coming and going, knock, knock.
So apparently there's no sarcasm checkbox on Apple TV and your movies I hit.
So now they want a second one and there's like nine people
because how could that movie be written by fewer people?
Have you seen that fucking movie?
I'm not angry, I'm excited.
I just watched it with Cody.
I was so excited that she hadn't seen it.
I was walking in Canada.
Think about it.
And I walked by the movie theater and on the marquee I saw the words,
Now You See Me Too.
That was the number two.
I swear to God I'm not being David Spade about this.
My actual fucking first instinct was,
Oh, that explains so much about that movie.
It's Canadian.
And they show it here still every day.
And the next showing is at two.
I swear to Christ above that was what I thought
because I expected a sequel to that movie was that impossible.
Both in terms of demand and supply.
I don't care who wants a sequel.
If I made that movie and people wanted a sequel,
I would have some explaining to do.
The first thing I would explain is I didn't know what I was doing.
And I would say, look, can we start over?
I have all kinds of ideas.
They told me magicians were cool.
I just got here.
I'm talented.
You saw what I did.
Just let me write a different movie.
I don't want to.
I would call it now you don't.
It would be called now you don't.
In an honest world.
This movie was built on dishonesty about dishonesty.
Not only is magicians never cool.
Magicians where they are cool.
In the context in which you can trick people into thinking they're cool.
And it's always a trick to think that they're cool.
You'll go down there.
And it's still, I forgot what I was, it's a, watch now you see me, one.
Which I rewatched last night.
And I think, I honestly think, knock it off.
This movie, holy fuck man.
How many people have seen now you see me one?
Respectable.
Well, now that you know it doesn't matter what your vote does.
Now that you know Trump's elected and the now you see me franchise into your,
he says like you watching now you see me one won't isn't accountable.
Watch it.
I made the mistake of being one of the dollars that apparently funded the sequel.
I didn't mean to do that.
Like they need a checkbox that says I'm kidding.
I don't know, it's like your money's green.
We're going to make a sequel.
We'll go ahead but know that it's a kidding movie.
Or we were kidding when we watched the first one.
We were kidding.
Yeah.
Like if you could give someone a page view or you don't give someone a page view,
but you're checking out like a clickbait thing, that'd be great.
You know, the best of both worlds.
Yeah.
Just say your intention.
The internet's a sewer because nobody's their selves.
If you could go into the internet and there was a lobby and you're like,
my name's Carl Johnson.
And then you go, I'm going to go talk about pedophilia now mask.
And then you go through a tube and then like everyone's like,
Oh, there's a kid fucker 29.
But it's and you're like, that's me.
I'm saying the internet structure.
Yeah.
They should do that.
You should always have to come back into the lobby and look at yourself in a virtual mirror
before you leave the internet.
I'm pitching AOL.
There should be a portal and you should like have a living room and say,
you've got mail and look at yourself.
You jerked off to people that look like your sister-in-law.
Who invited you?
Your mail.
What?
Just because you can talk about mail doesn't mean you're sentient.
You've got a lot to learn.
What?
As long as you can say you've got before it, you can say anything.
You've got a point.
No.
God damn it.
You've got knife.
It's stabbing me.
That'd be great.
So have you seen the trailer for this new now you've done it?
No, no.
Now you've done it.
That would be a great.
What if they did a sequel and the sequel was they were like,
okay, what is it?
Now you to me.
Now you see me too.
Now you don't.
What is it going to be?
But it was just like, they were like, now you pee.
That was it.
It was like Cloverfield Lane.
They were just like, it's not a sequel.
Now you pee.
It's from the now you series.
You don't think we know how to make movies?
Fucking step off.
Let the people in.
They're trying to get into a good movie, motherfucker.
You fucking jaded piece of shit.
Fucking now you is in session.
Now you surf against a shark monster.
Hey, did you see the most recent now you movie?
Oh, now you.
Yeah, I didn't know.
I fucking love now you see me one.
Yeah, I love now you diamond heist.
Did you see now you reunion?
A wish upon a star.
I was sweet.
Yeah, no, it was sweet.
I loved now you didn't.
Yeah.
Well, there's a lawsuit pending.
Those people actually don't represent the now you franchise.
No, but I mean that.
And they're playing the race card and it's not cool.
The trailers problematic though, because like, yeah, you know,
it's a wizard movie about all these wizards and sorcerers,
you know, and they're like, you know, you got Mark Zuckerberg
and he like conjures a storm of cards and then you have like,
I don't know, Morgan Freeman and he like picks a card
and puts it through a guy's skull and stuff.
And then you got a guy who disappears and reappears
inside of a bank fall and then you got Lizzie Kaplan
who takes her bra off without taking off her top.
That's the first one too.
I have a Fisher plays it.
They go, I go like Cody, you're going to be,
you're going to be introduced to the five types of magician now
from the Chris Angel type played by Jesse Iserberg
to the spoon bending pick pocket car chasing type
played by one of the Franko's.
Then Woody Harrelson is a, he's a mentalist and that is up
with Isla Fisher.
She's introduced to go like, and here comes the lady magician
and the writers were like, fuck, like David Copperfield.
Like he's a guy.
She's a lady magician, but she's awesome.
Lady magician.
I just, I often times a lady is a magician's assistant.
Tom, giant Tom, are you sitting in the corner
like talking in a slightly urban petwa?
That's right.
Just watching you all try to figure out this story seems
to me magicians come with femininity.
It's just compartmentalized in the form of their subjectifiable
objectifiable assistant.
Tom, he's right.
Isla Fisher should play a new kind of magician.
She used to be Zuckerberg's assistant.
Now she takes over clothes before dropping
into a tank of water.
She's like a super assistant.
All right.
Anyway, that's not my beef with that.
I'm not, I'm not white knighting.
It's an insane movie.
I think you should watch this movie.
Now you watch it.
Now you fucking, like, if you're mind blown.
I shouldn't have, I spent too much time talking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Look, there's a lot of stuff to talk about.
I want to tell you about me handling myself pretty well
against a terrible person in a bar.
Oh, yeah.
So that's a good time to bring out my friend, Dino Stamatopoulos.
Let's bring out Dino.
Oh, shit.
Hi.
Yeah.
And now that Dino's here, remind me to talk about my new condom idea.
It's going to blow minds.
Why?
Why me?
Because, you know.
Because I'm a pervert.
You're my angel investor.
What's your condom idea, Spencer?
Okay, so think about condoms.
Now, forget everything you ever knew about condoms.
No, okay.
Okay, remember a couple of things about condoms.
That's my first problem.
I never remember condoms.
Right.
Well, this one you'll never forget.
So, I mean, essentially a condom is a sock, you know?
Who makes your sock?
You stuff it, you stuff it on.
See, my first thought was, how big is your dick?
You thought he had weird socks.
I thought he had an enormous hinged dick.
Dicks are very important to you.
Feet are important to me, you know?
But so, okay, right.
It's like a sock.
The only thing that's keeping it on is like friction and like elasticity.
Elasticity, yeah.
So, but then to do that, it has to be shoved all the way down the leg to your shaft.
Okay, so imagine if you will a shortened condom that's more like a head cap, right?
And then at the end is a rubber band that goes behind your balls.
So most of your shaft still has that exposure.
It's not covered.
But the tension of this rubber band pulling your balls towards the front, that keeps it on.
I love it.
I do that anyway.
It's fucking nothing like a nice tight set of balls.
That's why I wanted you out here.
Boing.
Yeah, man.
It's like a cock ring and a condom.
I'm trying to imagine, I think my answer, my answer, I'm sure it's different for you,
is that depending on the excitement level of the woman and my age,
I have a hard enough time getting this little fucker anywhere.
Yeah, but it would be Taylor made your balls.
There's things on it.
Anything that's on it is going to fall off eventually.
No, but it would wrap around.
Did you ever have a cock ring on?
Yeah, exactly.
No one's ever had a cock ring on.
I'm not saying that proudly.
I don't mean that.
I mean, I'm self-shaming.
I do not have that honor, sir.
You should because apparently you and your girlfriend love your balls.
Well, we just found that out.
Yeah, and this would help.
I mean, your balls would be like fucking Dolly Parton balls with the cock ring on.
I'm very old.
I'm 51.
It's like a ball court.
I don't want to put anything on my dick that changes the size of my balls.
Oh, because it makes your dick look smaller?
No, because the only way that happens in cartoons is when there's buildup.
Well, the buildup is great.
You talk about like Tom and Jerry and he puts his foot on his hose.
What episode is that?
Oh.
A hose.
I don't want to do anything like that to my private part.
This is the right neighborhood.
You could go like five feet in any direction and find some good cock rings.
I wasn't implying that I couldn't find good cock rings.
I'm saying I think you would love them.
No, I don't think I would.
I think you would.
You'd love them.
But what do they do?
They keep you hard?
Yeah, they keep you hard.
Why would you want...
They're fine.
You don't want to stay hard?
Well, isn't it kind of like...
Well, isn't it?
It's like my therapist says that...
You shouldn't stay hard.
My therapist says sex is a destination, not an event.
Fuck your therapist.
It's an event.
What's the best thing ever?
What does that distinction mean?
It means that you're joining with someone and going somewhere together.
Well, then isn't it a journey?
And not a destination?
The same thing happened when I said...
It's not the destination, it's the journey.
That's what these people are saying.
But you can't apply that to sex and say it's not the sex destination, it's the sex journey.
They've already heard that.
It's more powerful to say sex isn't a thing that starts to happen and then at some point stops happening.
It's not like a thing that you need to accomplish, because that starts to set into a syndrome.
So what's good about it then?
What's good about what?
Sex.
Sex isn't... because it feels good.
Oh, so it's all about blowing your load on someone.
But don't make that the goal.
Or you may never.
Well, then what is the goal?
To have fun and give feel to it.
It often involves blowing your load on people.
All right, I like that.
I'm not making my therapist's point.
All it is is to say just take the pressure off.
Because a lot of...
That's this idea that there's possible to have sexual dysfunction, sexual pressure, things that are happening.
You're like, oh, it's...
Right, I know.
It's the pressure that keeps me going, though.
Yeah, you can have a relationship with it.
You can be like, I bet she doesn't think I'm going to get hard on it.
I'm going to show her that my screenplay is going to be great.
You can have like a whipped cream if it works.
I've never written a screenplay.
All right, so...
All right, now you see me too.
Oh, I brought you out here because...
Right.
Our bar night, our bar day.
Oh, yeah.
This segment is called,
Carmen Does It Mostly Right?
It's a bad title.
Do you have music for it?
Most of my stories are about what a failure I am.
It wouldn't be...
It wouldn't be controlling if I wasn't just messing stuff up over here.
See?
Okay.
Anyways, but this is, you know...
When Jeff Davis tells a story, it's like, we've celebrated,
he goes like, I went and got a brownie yesterday at a brownie store.
Did you hear about this price?
I got 12 blowjabs.
Everyone loved me.
I went and I looked at the brownies.
There's like nine kinds of brownie and I said,
do you have a...
Do you have a Chocolat Extreme?
So I'm fucking the Chocolat Extreme.
And I mean, fucking the Chocolat Extreme.
Yeah, and this story ends with somebody invariably,
as we've pointed out.
Grabbing his arm.
Someone in the service industry or a rock band
grabbing Jeff on the arm and saying,
Thank you.
So look for that.
Thank you for wanting that.
Thank you for ordering that.
Who ordered for La Mama?
Thank you.
Where were we?
Justin, we didn't even start the bar.
Oh, okay.
So anyways, my stories usually end with me shitting my pants
and being a bad person.
I think this story is...
I'm kind of a badass and an amazing person.
Don't give it away, but yeah, maybe.
We'll see.
We'll all be the judge.
All right.
So I just wanted to witness here.
We went into a bar and there was nobody in it,
but one guy.
And the bartender.
Yeah.
So we walked in and it was dark and quiet
and there was nice music playing on either the jukebox
or what have you.
But in any case, there was baseball on the TV
and there was one guy sitting there.
Just so, and then...
And the baseball was, you know, the volume was on.
It was blaring.
I sat in the stools with Dino.
The middle thing.
He was empty. Okay, great.
Not thinking about anything.
That guy gets up and he leaves.
There's some money on the bar.
There's a drink on the bar.
I'm not sure if he's left or not.
I say to the bartender,
hey, do you know if that guy is invested in the audio
of the baseball broadcast?
Does he...
What?
Does he need to hear the baseball?
Because I would love to...
You want me to mute the baseball?
Yeah, I don't want to be an asshole.
Well, no, I want you to mute the baseball
unless that guy loves the baseball sounds.
I think he left.
I'm going to repeat that.
I think he left because it's kind of an important thing.
At this point, I'm thinking Dan's over-explaining it,
but this guy is still not getting it.
I don't mean to throw you under the bus,
but I'm just saying you're making fun of me a little bit.
You're going like, you're over fucking doing.
Yeah, yada, yada.
Just ask him to turn it down.
And I'm like, okay, I'm going to compartmentalize that shame
because it keeps me from violence.
And you'll understand sooner or later.
And then this guy is like...
I just wanted this guy to understand
that definitely do not mistake this
for me being entitled to fucking control
over the sensory environment of this bar.
Yeah, you're going beyond the call of duty.
And I think he left.
And I was like, then my blue sky would be no baseball audio.
He's not embellishing this, by the way.
And just this.
And he's like, can do whatever.
It's a baseball, goes on mute, music comes up,
and we experienced for four minutes and 17 seconds.
The version of life I still feel entitled to somehow.
Yeah, when there's no one else in the bar,
we should just listen to the music and we don't have to hear.
Just be in...
I'm talking about work with Dino.
And so at some point during that,
all of a sudden, then I was like,
what, did the jukebox end?
All of a sudden, you're kind of conscious of the fact that
the baseball audio is back up.
Yeah, you noticed this. I didn't.
And I get peeved at a certain point.
The guy never came back, the other guy, he was gone.
So it's me, Dino, and the bartender.
The bartender is seated three feet from the TV
at the end of the bar, and he's watching it.
Now he's watching it with audio, which has changed since that
weird labyrinthine conversation,
the headline of which I'd like to define as
this motherfucker, Dan Harmon,
gives massive shits about the people around him
to the point where he doesn't want to make a fucking move
until he's got the all clear.
So this guy's like, what is going on?
Why is he watching? He knew.
So the thing in my head is, I go,
jeez, this guy, he leaves at this point.
He was really ashamed of loving baseball, audio.
But he's gone, he's gone, he's gone in the back room at this point.
Because he goes in the back room for a second.
As Dan starts talking about this guy.
And I'm like, this is fascinating to me, because this guy,
he says, I'm asking, I remember that laborious conversation we had?
Yeah, yeah, I said, don't you think there was like a million
chances for him to say, well, I'll tell you what,
I work here and I know you think the laws of economy should apply.
That's all convenient for you.
But the truth is, this is my corner of the world,
and I love baseball.
And that there's the most important game that's ever been played,
specifically because the players make strange sounds.
Or the sports caster, Howard Costell has come out of the grave
and he's like doing this one, I need to hear the fucking sounds.
I say any of that and then I would go, well, that's good information.
I'm glad we now know we can go to a different bar.
So I was sitting there, I was going like, well, see that guy,
come on, come on.
I mean, like, well, we have that whole conversation.
And he's like, and then he comes back out.
I'm hearing him bitch about this, but I haven't noticed that the baseball's up.
So I'm like.
So he just thinks I'm nuts.
Yeah, why are you bringing this up again?
I was tuning it out.
Yeah, and then I'm perceiving it.
I'm like, why is it, okay, all right.
So, and then the guy's like sitting there and I was like,
Zidino keeps talking and I'm like, and now I'm just like,
I can't hear anything but the fucking TV.
And so I do this weird thing like a six-year-old would do.
I'm still lost.
And Zidino doesn't know why I'm doing this.
But I'm like staring at my Amstel bottle and I just lock eyes with the Amstel bottle
and I just start to do my impression of the sounds coming from the TV.
Really, really loudly.
Well, not, I mean, really loudly meaning I was matching the,
I wanted to simulate, well, if that should be in the bar,
then if that was in a chair over here, then that's,
this is what that would sound like.
And so I was just like, strikes!
Johnson, the other guy, we're doing four things.
Oh, that's going to be fun.
Oh, it's a great night for sports.
A major league, solid dichotomy.
So, well, stand, Johnson, whoa, three yards,
come to the team, hook all the camp, open your heart.
And then there's like an Arby's commercial.
Like, Arby's, Arby's, Arby's, Arby's, Arby's.
Well, so a commercial comes out and it's like, by the way,
sports don't mean joy, sports means every four minutes,
you've got seven minutes of corporate fucking propaganda.
Don't tell me you can hang out in a bar and keep to your fucking,
like ideological guns and you're bathing yourself in Jerry Springer
and Carl's Jr. commercials.
Fuck you, you're not punk rock, kill yourself.
But it's a fucking commercial.
It's like, like, sports, commercials are worse than sports.
Like, why do you even watch them?
So I just start going like Carl's Jr., oh, it's going to be,
it's going to be a hot tab, your town, so catch up.
So at this point, it dawns on me what's going on.
I'm like, oh.
It's an empty bar.
It's me and a guy staring at a television whose job is
to bring us drinks and who I have made a pact with
that the baseball audio would be silenced.
So he's now blaring it and I'm doing the opposite
and Dino's going like, what's going on?
What's happening?
And so I finally got to go like, oh, it's either a mustard
ketchup or a horseradish or something.
Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ.
What the fuck am I listening to?
I'm in a bar.
And I said that and like fucking it wasn't,
I want you to understand, like if you were editing this
in iMovie, you would not, there wouldn't be any space
between those lines of dialogue.
It's like when you're really, really mad at somebody
and you're really ready to go, I want to make it clear,
that's how dramatic that was.
So it's like, I said, what the fuck am I?
I said, I'm in a fucking bar.
What the fuck am I listening to?
Which was my height of shame because I was like throwing
this little tantrum doing this thing.
And so I was kind of like, that was me pulling a rip cord.
I wasn't going to do it anymore.
I don't know who knows what I would have done,
but I was being a baby and I was feeling like a baby.
And like at the height of me doing that though,
the crazy thing, I said, I go,
what the fuck am I listening to?
What the fuck am I listening to?
Silence, look over at this six foot five beefy arm
to fucking bespectacled, but in a way that makes you think,
maybe he just needs murder vision.
Like, not a guy who, if he was a bouncer,
I would not question, I'd be intimidated by everybody,
but he definitely could have killed me.
And he was like, what am I listening to?
Look at him and he goes like,
fucking talk about this bullshit,
you fucking talk about your Netflix deal
and fucking industry hack.
Oh.
This guy, this guy had an axe to grind.
Wow.
How can you have that much backstory
to be watching broadcast cable?
That guy needs to be a Blu-ray collector.
Like, he's fucking rich as a character.
And I was like, industry hack?
And he goes, yeah, you come in here talking about your deals,
you got this deal and that deal.
And I was like, oh.
We're just laughing.
And I'm not proud of that, but I just started like laughing.
Because the guy was like, I felt bullied and so on now.
It's easy to like, I'm now on the bully,
but it's like, I didn't feel that way.
Like an underdog.
So I was like, oh, man.
Wow.
And silence, empty bar.
And then I said,
Am I going to repeat it or you?
Maybe if you do it.
I got to think of what it was exactly.
Is there a bat in here?
Hey, you hit it.
Sorry, is there a Buddhist around?
I said, man, the time and energy it takes
to make you honest.
And all he did was look down.
He didn't say another word.
And we got up and we fucking put down our sarcastic tips.
And I drank and I did.
I did.
I think I feel like Jeff Davis would do,
which is I sat there and I planted my feet
and I drank to the bottom of the glass.
And then I went, put the glass in the bar.
I walked out.
I felt like Jeff was on my shoulder going like,
that was beautiful.
Sit there.
Don't say anything.
Don't say it.
You didn't say anything more.
You said the perfect amount.
It was perfect.
Anyways, bullies.
Am I right, people?
I'm kind of on that guy's side.
I'm on the bartender's side, you know?
You are on the bartender's side?
Have you ever heard fucking LA people talk about
their fucking bullshit?
It's the worst experience imaginable.
Yeah, but here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
We asked them to turn the music up.
We asked them to just turn the sound down.
We said, we want to hear the music.
Yeah.
Also, by the way, if you have the word
hack in your vocabulary and you're a bartender,
you better be the best fucking bartender in the world.
And that includes not judging the fucking
racist, sexist, rapist fucking.
Yeah, the occasional industrial hack
that comes through your bar.
The reason why the bar is sacred is because
you're supposed to be, not impartial,
but you're supposed to keep your fucking lip zipped.
You're supposed to be an objective, strange,
crooked lighthouse to the broken.
I don't demand that of anybody,
but don't demand I don't mention Netflix on my fucking...
I'm working on the weekend.
Industry hack.
Yeah.
Fine.
I'll be the first person to call myself that
if you're cool to me.
Fucking guy loves baseball so much.
Did we change your mind?
No, no.
I mean...
But what are you saying, Spencer?
Are you saying that you, what?
I'm saying you should reexamine your life.
But are you saying that if you were that bartender
that you would have turned on the baseball audio?
No, I'm just saying, if I were that guy
and I turned up the baseball audio
and then I heard someone making fun of me,
I'd be kind of upset.
I wasn't making fun of him.
I was...
Look, we...
Oh, hey, okay.
Yeah, exactly.
No, I wanted the guy to go,
hey, fuck you, it's kind of weird
that when he finally popped
the wine on top of the bottle
had nothing to do with me being
loud, obnoxious, nerdy,
like, totally out of line.
Weirdly, it had to do with my Netflix deal.
Oh, yeah.
Because, again, the kinds of douchebags
that talk about that stuff are insufferable.
He probably has to put up with shit like that
from actual douchebags all the time.
Oh, my God, the smallest violin
for the LA bartender.
So sick of serving drinks
to people in the entertainment industry.
My heart fucking bleeds.
Give me a drink.
I need it to work.
I have 70 jobs.
That guy, that guy would be in Ireland
just screaming like,
quit talking about coal mining.
Fucking facts.
You fucking hack.
You fucking pickaxe.
Deal with it.
You're in LA.
This is what we talk about.
I'm going to be dead at 61
if I'm lucky.
Paying that guy's salary
with my Sunday.
I was working.
I don't even want to talk about the industry.
I'm working.
I usually like Spencer.
Hey, man.
Well, Spencer.
I gotta say, this rant against blue-collar people
has really turned me around on your side.
It's not a rant against blue-collar people.
How dare you be upset with a douchebag.
My rant is about allowing the term blue-collar
to be applied to people.
That guy didn't lift shit
during his fucking tiring.
He turned that baseball up
in a passive-aggressive way.
I think you guys both just glanced off each other
at the wrong way,
and then you both got mad.
Yeah.
No, I had been done.
But wait, he's like Jesus Christ.
I admit that,
but I still think I'm the hero of that story.
But it doesn't matter,
because my next topic is,
and here comes a segment called
Things You'll Never Hear Talked About
on Any Other Podcast.
Colin Donald Trump Edition.
Hey, there's a fascist openly running
for president,
and the world is ending,
and it's affecting us in different ways.
Remember in high school,
you studied literature,
and you learned that the invention
of the atomic bomb
or World War I
totally affected 30 years of literature,
which means it is possible
for the national psyche
to be affected by huge catastrophic events.
And it's seeping into us,
but I found the silver lining of it.
I'm coming through for better or for worse.
The Donald Trump phenomenon
is now, it's bringing me through,
it's releasing me from my need for approval.
It's separating,
that's different from saying.
It's doing that for a lot of people.
Mostly white supremacists,
but a lot of people.
I was worried,
well, absolutely correct.
But hopefully for me,
that's a better thing
than if a skinhead feels that way.
But that is exactly what's happening.
People are uncorked,
but it's like how much of you is performance
and how much of you is intent and behavior.
Those two things being unbraided,
because it's like, hey,
there was a time when it was like,
I was obsessed with the fact that like,
oh, what's this politically correct phenomenon going on?
Do you mean if you never say something racist,
that means you're a flawless person?
Because this president has never said anything racist
and he's a terrible, terrible person.
He's doing terrible things
that cost human lives.
That was my whole game.
And then you go into the new generation
where it becomes,
but now the weird thing is,
this guy is like, I mean,
he's as famous as you can ever get ever.
He's as close to whatever fucking definition we have
of winning the American game is.
Like we've, as far as we've defined it,
and he just keeps,
and so it's like, there's a point where I hit this bottom,
thank God we didn't have a podcast last week
because I think I was kind of feeling this way then,
was like, how am I supposed to,
why am I even fucking trying to be a good person?
What is, I almost tweeted it,
like this is the danger that this guy represents,
that there's gonna be like,
because on the lower class level,
that takes the form of fucking clockwork orange gangs
running through the street going like,
mexy, I tabby tab, you're racey race.
It's baby talky, so it's weird weird,
but honestly, you're black and I'm stomping on you,
and that up the upper class is that there would be
a similar thing, it would take the form,
and then somewhere in the middle was me going like,
oh fuck, I don't have a conscience anymore,
but that led to, oh shit, but okay,
no, what that means is you have to stop basing it on outcome,
you have to stop basing it on opinion,
on whether or not it is going to make people like you
or hate you, because that doesn't matter
and that's a good thing to learn
because that actually means that you could like,
I think a lot of us want to say things
that we're worried about, no, I'm not.
I'm so hot, I'm so hot.
I thought if I dug through the tunnel,
I would eventually hit a hand.
Does anybody want any ice?
Yes.
Woo!
Oh wow.
Oh!
It's a big one!
Oh god!
Oh boy.
You guys are in the splash zone.
Yay!
That was a success and it just got alcohol over the floor.
That's what a success is.
What were you trying to rant at?
I couldn't listen, I'm so hot.
The only thing I could think you were getting at
is political correctness can cause problems
because if people that are only a little racist
are like, if I'm going to be treated like I'm a Nazi
every time I say something kind of off-color,
then what's the point of even trying?
Why don't I just go whole hog the other way?
Whereas if we kind of approach with sensitivity
and be all like, hey man, I get what you're saying,
I'm not trying to attack you, but the end result
of what you're saying can lead down this path
and that's why it might be good to, you know...
Right, like if the enemy is ignorant for instance,
you know, like then to the way to defeat ignorance
is not to like hit it on the head with a brick,
necessarily.
Yeah, because I don't know, I read this crazy article
about a guy...
This is getting me horny.
Are you rubbing ice on your junk?
How is that?
That doesn't even sound unpleasant enough
to get you horny.
It just sounds a bit uncomfortable.
Look, I just had nothing to say.
I mean, I think you really...
You used what you had.
That's all I got.
You got what forced me into this.
That kind of led me into...
Okay, so I'm forcing a dot connect here,
but it's not...
It does exist anyway,
which is another topical, horrible, weird,
random thing which represents just random chaos
was that actor today that...
Oh, yeah.
...died in that crazy way,
and everybody just wanted to know
what the hell is going on,
and it was kind of like a great metaphorical...
It was like when people get sick
and we associate that with death and stuff,
there's not enough lightning strikes
and crazy things to really cast death
in its direct...
The way that people dealt with it and watching it,
I had to go to the TMZ article about this death
and then just the...
The comment section,
just Star Trek pawn after Star Trek pawn after Star Trek pawn,
and kind of mean as if...
You can tell that the joke is like...
I'm not here to generate humor.
I'm here as a punchline to this crazy setup
that exists called fucked up society
that's so fucking...
And I respect that. That's always going to be needed
if society is truly fucked up.
But everybody wants to be that guy,
but it's just going through that thing,
and I was like, holy shit, man.
There's literally almost nobody saying,
what a bummer.
Of course, you wouldn't log in to say that,
and then you go like,
okay, so the internet is...
It's like this carnival.
There's none of those people...
Everyone just... You go into this toilet
and you put on these weird bird masks
and then you do this fucked up shit.
And it's like the Purge series,
which I think everybody...
It's not because those movies are good that they keep making them.
I think everyone's like,
tell me more about that absolute thinly veiled metaphor
for my life.
Like where I...
And I...
That plus Trump equals...
Not nihilism.
It equals renewed realization
that being cool absolutely
can only be by your own definitions.
The other ones don't work at all for anyone.
And you better make every day
of achieving that goal
worth as much as the final one
because a bus might fall out of the sky
and land on the building you're in.
Yeah, it's crazy.
I mean, first of all, that whole...
The way that guy died,
you know, as if there's not enough ways
that I'm afraid of dying.
You know?
I mean, like, you know, you're driving home,
you're like, oh yeah, you can get hit,
and you feel like when you park your car,
you're done.
Made it safe.
Now this guy...
This guy got hit by a parked car.
Take a name here.
Yeah, what happened?
Well, he thought it was parked.
No, it sounded like...
He thought he put it in park,
but he put it in neutral, right?
What it sounds like,
but there's been so little information,
but it's the only logical...
Occam's razor says that he has a steep driveway
and he got out of his car to check his mail.
Yeah, he thought it was parked.
I don't want to die checking my mail.
I didn't.
I mean, I didn't want to talk about this.
It's really hot, I don't know.
Stephen King's Cell.
There's a movie you can get on your Apple TV.
C-E-L-L.
Don't mistake it for the Jennifer Lopez Cell.
This is Stephen King's Cell.
You can remember it because it has
Stephen King's before it.
Which means so much.
It's a stamp of quality like none other.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
How do you...
How do you ever...
Is he ever...
What happens before someone says,
Stephen King's clam of mammas?
No way.
Why are people still...
It doesn't mean any...
It means bad, Stephen King's.
He did it. It means he did it.
But what does it even mean?
It means oaky-spooky is what it means.
It doesn't mean good, it doesn't mean bad,
it just means oaky-spooky.
Another pin on the sash.
Tom Clancy's something means
that there's going to be geopolitical strife
and technological porn.
I assume Roger Avery.
This is Roger Avery. I think I'm an actor.
I saw Stephen King
took a picture of George R. R. Martin.
I was like, I hope he teaches him
how to write stuff quickly.
You know?
Just kidding.
He could trade some notes.
You got jokes.
Oh yeah, I got jokes.
Anyways, Stephen King's cell,
if you get a chance to watch it,
is the most exciting
first 15 minutes I think
of a movie this cheap
that you'll ever see.
John Kuzak's got an airport
and then Stephen King's
America's dad.
He's making a point about...
Or not making a point, but just saying
there's a lot of cell phones.
What if...
It's like, everywhere you go, there's a cell phone.
And turning that into horror.
So it's John Kuzak's going through an airport
and everyone who's on a cell phone
at a specific moment,
they all go...
And then they all start stabbing each other
and beating each other up.
Jesus, it's like my dad wrote that.
It's a pretty cheap movie.
You find yourself...
Sam Jackson and John Kuzak,
they must have been
the most expensive thing about the movie.
Because it was very cheaply done,
but for a cheaply done movie
that starts at an airport
with everyone starting to stab each other,
Cody and I were kind of freaked out.
But anyways,
I'm not here to shill for Stephen King's cell.
I just want to tell you
that eventually, without any ceremony at all,
at some point, because it becomes
about avoiding these people
who got too close to a cell signal,
they start calling them
phoneers. I just wanted to tell you that.
Phoneers.
And then they expect you to stay on the edge of your seat.
Ah, fuck, those phoneers.
So many phoneers over there.
They were so happy with that term
when they came over.
Just do a rewrite on that page.
Pay Tarantino a million dollars
to come in.
Phoneers?
Did we have a vote about that?
I don't know, motherfucker.
That's Sam Jackson.
They look like phoneers to me.
Speaking of Sam Jackson,
in that role,
there was another weird or
it's great,
that's not weird, but it was weirdly not weird.
Sam Jackson's character
appears in the very beginning
to offhandedly mention,
totally indirectly,
something that
kind of clearly indicates that he's gay,
and it never comes up again.
Oh.
Which strikes your mind as weird,
because it's John Kuzak and Sam Jackson
walking through a subway tunnel,
and the Jackson's character goes like,
yeah, well, my man done left me,
so now I'm alone.
And that's the last thing you ever hear about it, ever.
There's no like,
he's holding him up from a pit full of phoneers,
and goes like, use your love of
men
to grab my hand.
There's nothing, and there's no like,
sorry, I misjudged you, nothing.
It was noteworthy to me
because it shouldn't be noteworthy,
and I'm 43.
But it seems like he's doing this thing
where he's just making choices,
and just sticking with him.
What are you talking about?
How he had a weird lisp or something in a movie?
Sam Jackson.
Oh, God, will that...
Maybe this is what he does,
like he's interested.
Well, he just makes character choices,
and then those sometimes manifest in moments
we see in the final tell.
Well, just like character choices,
it almost seems to me like Sam Yule Jackson
is some kind of intergalactic
lottery winner.
I'm not saying that in the sense of like,
oh, he's a bad actor or whatever.
I just mean like, where he is
when he is there,
it just seems like he won a contest,
like he's just getting the VIP tour of a life.
I was like,
I'm gonna be in Star Wars.
I'm a Jedi.
Hey, Iron Man,
you're gonna be an Avenger.
This prison food
tastes great.
Whoa, I got an Oscar.
He might have nine Oscars,
he might have zero out of no idea,
but he's like drifting through,
he's like Sirens of Titan,
he's like a Vonnegut character.
He's just having fun.
He's like, you wanna hear about sharks?
Here's ice, and a shark eats them.
But he's out of the whole shitty movie.
There's snakes on the plane.
I don't have to tell you what he's done.
You guys aren't agreeing with me?
No, I agree.
Like more than any other actor?
If you were an alien species
and you wanted to ride a human actor
through Earth,
would you choose Richard Dreyfus?
It's like,
that's like going to the pyramids
and taking a picture.
Oh, he was in Jaws.
Samuel Jackson, you freaking,
whoa, shit, man.
I agree, I'm just trying not to faint up here.
Oh.
Well, I don't know why I'm seeking your guys approval.
There's an orange fascist running for president.
Openly fascist,
absolutely openly fascist
bragged
about revoking the Washington Post's credentials,
because he doesn't like
their lies.
There was a Washington Post
article right before that happened that was like,
this is a transcript
of us talking to Donald Trump.
Obviously in response to like,
what do we have to do
to stop being told we're lying
or misrepresenting? You sound this
dumb. You came to our office
to talk to us about how dumb we are.
We, we, here's the whole
transcript.
What do you want from us?
Ahem.
Donald Trump, bad guy.
It's a bad day
to be an alligator.
You know?
Yeah, man. It's no good.
It's a bad day. Right after
they found that like giant fucking alligator
on that golf course too, right?
Like what's going to happen to him now?
That's a bummer.
He'll be fine. I don't know, man, I'm worried.
About the alligator?
Yeah, things like a dinosaur,
like a national, no,
that's a national treasure.
I've been a little offended
by the alligator coverage.
I feel like
could we ever at any point
say
we get it.
Corporate America is unaccountable.
Uh...
It's okay.
But can we just call it a fucking
tragedy that the alligator
fucking grabbed? It hasn't even
it hasn't even been acknowledged.
That it's a tragedy? Yeah.
I feel like that may have been acknowledged.
It's controversial. Well, like
you get ten points for being technically
right, but I'm expressing an emotional
subjective thing.
I just keep the coverage of it.
I'm sorry that I've encountered it.
By the way, jeez, moment of silence
for a fucking victim
of society, period.
No matter how
it's just like a fucking...
I retweeted the thing, it was like CNN
like the story
from the fucking alligator side of it
and how sometimes kids
just look delicious.
I don't fucking care
if this is the most careless family in the world.
I was like, it's ridiculous.
You're selling people's safety.
Who cares? You're not going to lose your fucking
giant corporation. It's not at risk.
It's not going to happen. Just say
we're sorry one of our alligators
ate you.
We're sorry. It seems like one of our alligators
Tomorrow's going to be double
pump dumps.
Bring a dump pump
and you'll get two pump-pump-doubles.
Sorry about the alligator.
Look, you mean
happiest place on earth is going to be some
unhappiness running like rivulets
down the gutters outside
and into the giant generator
that runs on mostly air of blood
but some of yours.
Some of yours every once
in a while.
I wonder how Flint, Michigan
is doing.
That
really fell off once Trump started
gaining steam. People stopped caring about
that. This is no good.
What was the latest in Flint?
It just poisoned all the water. It was great.
Was Flint
where the natural gas was coming up?
Where was that?
It sucked down all the factories
from the auto industry.
Hello, real Annie.
It was the documentary
where there was Roger and me.
That's the information I've been going on
but I wasn't going to be like, I know all about Flint
from Roger and me because I'm 43.
I faced the water supply from the Detroit water
to the Flint River
and since there was a lot of corrosion
the pipes were like pipes
and the water from the Flint River
was so polluted that the lead got out
and poisoned all the children.
Flint, which is like 90%
Also non-children.
Now the children have been lead poisoning
for like two years or something
and they're like overtarded.
What about all the alligators?
I heard that loud and clear
and you were very good at it.
I think probably everybody here did but I worry about the podcast
like hearing them.
Look up Flint, Michigan.
If you didn't hear what happened.
They poisoned the water.
They did something to the pipes
and because the pipes were not maintained
it leached lead into the pipes.
Poison the water.
Why would they poison the water?
Because it saved money.
That seems crazy.
It's going to cost a hundred bucks
to haul all this poison out of here.
Don't poison that.
We might need to address that later.
Of all the things you could poison, why the water?
Poison the grass I could understand.
Poison the alligator.
I'm America's aunt.
Why would they do it next time?
My new character, let's have America's aunt talk to Tom.
Remember Tom from early?
Wait, what?
He was a giant.
Wait, wait.
Tom was in the
the picture room for
For now you see me.
Oh, now you see me. Yes, yes, yes.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Tom, I would think.
Magicians have sexy ladies
around them sometimes.
I know Tom.
Maybe Isla Fisher's character
is an escape artist.
Tom, we've been over this.
Hold it.
Before the escape.
She takes off her clothes.
Tom, you're a genius.
Classic character?
This is the musical score
for now you see me one.
I haven't seen two.
For an hour.
And I'm saying this.
I'm telling you this.
I'm saying watch it.
I'm telling you to watch it.
I'm not telling you don't watch it.
You gotta see this movie.
Use the magicians.
You said that the woman was just
sexual or whatever, but
there was a decrease
in the
level of magic
from the beginning.
First it was, what's his name?
Jesse Eisenberg.
He was amazing.
It got steadily worse and worse.
By amazing you mean he said pick a card
and then the card was on a skyscraper.
I have the storyboards memorized.
I guess that wasn't that great.
And then I don't want to get a beef with the
Frankos. I've been adamant about this.
But one of the Frankos is in it
and he's on a boat.
This is one of the classic archetypes of magician.
If you're going to get a super group of magicians together.
He goes like I'm going to bend a spoon
and then someone's like you didn't bend the spoon
and then he's like I guess I didn't.
You got your wallet.
So a pick pocket is one of the magician
types.
It turns out to be a car
racer
and a mimic.
That's not a spoiler.
Now you see me won.
It features one of the Frankos.
He does sleight of hand
foo to make Rufalo
like restrained.
And then Rufalo goes like
what are you doing?
And he goes what are you doing?
And he goes like what's your end game?
What's your end game?
He takes the walkie-talkie and Rufalo's like
no and he's like go to Isle 7
but it's like it's
Rufalo's voice coming out of Franko's mouth
because he's a predator now
because he's a magician.
It's one of the four types of magician.
The other one is a assistant
that is naked.
The sequel is not called now you don't.
It can't
by law it cannot be.
It can technically be a different movie.
Is it then you saw me?
That's the
prequel.
That's when they reboot it.
That's when you'll see me.
We'll be seeing each other
soon.
But for tonight, Paris.
Balls?
Yeah!
You guys are a little
we're picking up on your
It's hot here, it's hot.
I offered her a hair tie
because of the heat.
Why did you have a hair tie?
How long are these shows?
Do you?
Okay, fair enough.
I mean I didn't invite you up to talk about it
but you'd be way hotter up here.
I mean it's so much hotter.
I want to be bald.
Does anybody have a bald cap?
I'd like to put that.
No, you take the hair tie.
Here's a segment for which I
would invite audience interaction.
Rude.
He's a hurtful.
Don't say rude.
Rude is going to trigger me.
I'll say rude.
I'll say hurtful.
I'm sorry.
You're rude.
It's very hot, we're all irritated.
How long are these shows?
You can leave.
You guys are triggering my shame.
Sorry.
My therapist says I have a very, very
low shame threshold.
If you track all of my negative behavior
it's all due to the fact that
I'm very easily
shamed and startled.
She told Cody
Dan's going to be easily startled
and I'm like what?
And then sure enough
I was like oh god damn it I am.
I don't want to trigger you but you're a bad guy.
No, well that's not.
What's this segment you were talking about?
It's moving along.
Well this language of wins it over.
I'm sorry.
That's my bid because I got nothing else.
Who wants to leave?
It's still game of thrones to watch.
Obviously it goes without saying if you want to leave you can leave.
Thank you, that's alright.
I don't mean to say that in a passive aggressive way.
I will make the show better.
If you don't have to tell me
if it's going wrong
I think it's going to go great by the end.
And if you pay attention
the next segment might involve you.
Is it an hour or one?
We've got another hour.
You're doing it still.
Well I thought I didn't think you'd hear me.
It's 9-11 by the way.
Time to talk about politics.
I like Hillary Clinton
because
I thought that's what you get hide.
No.
9-11 man, 4-20.
Oh 4-20.
What's this segment?
The segment is
I want to be careful about how I ask for these volunteers.
LA is pretty cool.
We usually get pretty balanced.
You don't have to be balanced.
You can be imbalanced too.
I think we've proven that.
I'm just saying
obviously you're not going to run up because you want to be on stage.
I really want you for a specific role.
I want you to be passionate
about
an either side of the issue
pineapple on pizza.
This guy's hand shot up first.
That guy really cares.
Let's diversify a little though.
You come up.
We've got a white male.
Cisgender.
How many people are you bringing?
I see a lady in the middle
back maybe.
At least.
Why am I mixing it up though?
I still think we should.
There's a young lady here
raising both hands.
You come on up.
No, we fucked up.
We've got to go one at a time.
Hold on.
You have to stand there in the deck.
The deck is what I call
the awkward deck.
Have a seat.
How about you sit up here?
It'll be great.
Right here in the good place.
Not the bad person
place.
What's your name?
Hunter.
Four against.
I don't suppose by some coincidence
you're against.
God damn it.
Stay there.
What's your name?
Emily.
Ormaly.
Couldormally.
Abnormally.
Thank you Emily.
You guys are both four.
I can act against though.
I really want passion here.
You already,
now people know
that you're a sociopath.
I can totally see the reason
against though.
Another sociopath.
They found one and it wasn't me.
Can I help you move?
He named my disease.
I'm never allowed to applaud that.
That's why the witch burnings
were so popular.
They got one.
They got one of us.
So we need a,
I think,
we need somebody who's
so against.
Black woman against over here.
It didn't sound like a black woman.
That's an advocate
or four.
You said black woman against.
But I got to be sure.
We can't force you to come up.
You've got a strong advocate
if you'd love to come up.
Dino, go with the table.
The table.
I think the title of this episode should be
black woman against over here.
I'm going to submit that
for a standard construction
sign type of thing that you could
hang around the city.
Who knows when that could come in handy?
What's your name?
Juliana.
You're so against,
well I'm against too.
I don't know what to do now though.
My only thought was
because it was such a weird thing
because I was hearing some people talk about
how amazing pineapple and pizza was.
Yeah, some people.
What the fuck, man?
Do you mean
racially?
No, we were in the green room. I'm right here.
I thought it was like some people.
What do you mean some people?
Okay, so you're four.
So now we've got three four pineapples.
Yeah, yeah.
This is a mess.
I don't know what I was going to do
but two people come up.
We can still do that.
What do you mean two people?
Just let them do a minute each
and just see how it goes.
We can still do it.
We've got two four pineapples.
I've got plans to smooth this all out
as we proceed.
What would the next thing I do?
Let's start with a pro probably, right?
Right, so a minute each?
Yeah, we go a minute of pro,
a minute of con, a minute of pro
and then we can get another con.
Okay, so I forgot your name again, sorry.
My name is Emily.
I'm going to give you a minute.
So when people are like,
Pixar is really good at making movies,
are they like, hey, what's so great
about Pixar movies is that they're just funny
and they're never sad and they're never touching.
Do people say that about Pixar movies?
No, no, they don't.
It would be really great if I had
like a second example to go after Pixar movies.
I don't, that's all I have.
What's great about pineapples on Pizza
is that they're sweet and tangy
and they're also savory and salty.
That's clearly a superior combination
when you wake up in the morning
and you're like, oh, breakfast.
I'm so psyched about breakfast
because I have never in my life craved a sweet thing
and breakfast is a meal predicated
solely on savory things.
No, you don't say that because breakfast is amazing
and breakfast includes both sweet
and savory things.
Thank you.
That was 48.
That was all I needed.
That was good.
I love that. That was great.
So now, what do you think?
Do you like the counterpoint?
We should probably, the next thing we should hear
should be anti-pineapples.
So it's between, I'm sorry.
Juliana, right?
I'll do one too, but you want to go first or second?
I mean, it's...
You should go.
I'm sorry, I need to be a better leader.
I'm sorry.
You do it.
You can take a minute or less.
Here we go.
It's just an abomination.
It's just as bad
as having hot beer
and deep-fried watermelon.
Does it make sense to me?
Fruit on pizza
is like,
why would anyone want to eat pineapple for?
I mean, I'm sorry.
It's just an abomination.
That's just how I just describe it.
I know it's not a huge
explanation or argument,
but I just feel like an abomination
just describes everything about it.
All right.
Tie it into America.
Yes.
I feel in a crazy way
we are tying it into America.
Do you want any more time?
It doesn't matter.
You get applause for one sentence.
I just feel that pineapple
is just one of the fruits
that it just doesn't make sense to me.
Like, watermelon,
I mean, it's not just because I'm black,
but I just like watermelon.
Time's up and that was getting complicated.
Secretary of Defense,
I'm sorry.
Okay,
so why don't I ever ask
names if I'm never going to remember them?
Hunter.
You're going to go pro pineapple?
Alright, start, go.
I want to tie it into the theme of the show,
the Precision Magic.
The film
is like a magic trick
then I'm gonna go with ham pizza.
You start with it, so you're not looking at it,
you get the saltiness.
And you're like, oh, this is really good.
I hope it's not all one note, and you keep having it,
and you're like, oh, it's a little bit of dairy,
a little bit of a nice bland flavor,
and then it mixes it up, like a one-two punch with pineapple.
And you're like, oh, it's a different texture,
and it's sweet, and it leaves me with this whole point
all along, and this is what I expected.
Same with the reverse point, you're like,
oh, it's all this sweet pizza, I'm not really used to it,
and then you get the salt after, and you're like,
oh my god, it's so many flavors packed into one,
and you're like, I can't even believe it.
Oh my god.
It's very true.
Right.
And so, Dan, you're con, right?
I'm con.
So why don't you round us out?
Well, okay, I'm gonna do it.
Cool, cool.
I'm gonna do.
Wait, do you know that The Prestige is a movie,
and it also has magic in it?
Yeah.
Okay.
So we can do like a magic?
A bunch of us apparently were like, why, why are you bringing
that up?
Because you can't talk about everything.
I clearly times it a premium on my show.
Two points of a triangle.
It was like, where's the apex?
What do you mean, where's the impact?
No, it was like, it was like two points of a triangle, and
like, where's the apex?
Right now.
We're at the apex.
We all thought, we all thought you had like a big, good like
Chris Nolan point coming.
But you're looking up from a certain perspective, like if you
knew from my perspective, you'd be like, oh yeah, like every
single thing I talk about is like one third of something I
was trying to get to.
So I never, I mean, I probably would have talked about, I
wanted to talk about like, oh, Spencer, what would we, I don't
know where the fuck we got off track, but it was like, the
idea was like, we're on track, we're on track.
Anyway, sorry, sorry, but no, I'm trying, I'm coming back around
a year.
Yeah, you're right.
It is weird.
I would have, I would have come around to that topic.
I would have.
No, you wouldn't know.
I didn't mean to shame you.
All right.
But I am now about to shame you.
Okay, here we go.
Let's keep this to a minute.
All right, so here's the thing.
It's pizza.
Okay.
Now, my partner sounded a little xenophobic, so like, it's
like, oh, I hate it.
It's like, let's talk about what a pizza is.
Is it sweet?
Is it in the dessert section of the menu?
Or are you ordering a greasy, salty, cheesy, bready thing?
Too many people look at pizza as if it's an opportunity to express
themselves.
And not enough people just order something other than pizza.
Be that person at the party that says, you know what?
I can't like pizza.
I'd like a chicken barbecue pineapple salad.
Oh, Anthony's at the party.
Anthony, eat pizza.
Stop disrupting the party.
You've infected the culture.
You've infected my soul.
That was exactly one minute.
All right, so I have an unfair weight, literally and figuratively.
We can't take a vote.
We're going to walk away going, what does it matter?
Why can we not take a vote?
Okay, okay.
Physical challenge.
I think, wait, before we make it binary and like, let's make it
constructive, because here's one thing that I'd like to point out.
How many of you here hearing these two are having second thoughts
about pineapple's merit on a pizza?
No.
Oh, Jesus.
Okay.
Too many handsome people have raised their hands.
I found myself going, like, why am I blocking all this passion?
You guys did a good job, I think, of making it a positive thing.
But then again, it's about advocating for a fucking ridiculous prop on
top of a pizza.
It's not like you could take a negative position and go, like, it's
pizza and Steve, not pizza and...
There's nothing you can do that doesn't sound positive.
I will say that.
Like, you get to sound like fucking woke by going, like, why not try new shit?
That's why I was going, like, because it's pizza, motherfuck.
All right.
So, I mean, it doesn't need to be a result.
I mean, we got to...
We'll make it official.
I know.
All right.
The question is...
That's outlawed.
The question is, should it exist?
Applaud if you accept pineapple on pizza.
They're vocal.
That sounds like trying too hard.
Applaud if you refuse to let pizza be violated.
This is why America's going to die.
Do we beat Truman all over again?
All Donald Trump does.
It's like, easy.
Like, applaud if you just want huge, huge, very, very strong pizza.
But I...
Yeah, when you...
Yeah, I don't...
Yeah.
It's easy.
It's stickier.
Negative things are stickier.
It's easier.
When I was in debate in high school, I was on the negative.
Did you do debate?
Yeah, I did debate.
I don't mean to...
It's a racist stereotype.
Sorry.
I don't mean to assume, black girls, debate, captain.
Can I say one thing about this real quick?
Can I say one thing, or is that...
I hope...
Yeah, but I mean...
I feel like...
But what if what you say is, Hitler was right?
No.
And then I'm like, you said, yes, you can speak, but I want to judge what you said.
No, yeah, absolutely.
So you know recently you were talking about...
What the fuck?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm so drunk in high school.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
I mean, there's a lot of theory theories and how it's easier to work from the back end
of it, where you work from what's there, and then you say, oh, I can work against what's
been said.
It's kind of the same with negative points.
It's easier to find negative points than something.
Well, that's the tough thing.
Yeah.
When we do debate in high school, there was the affirmative...
Affirmative?
Affirmative, yeah.
Affirmative, negative.
You had to come up with a plan if you were affirmative, prison overcrowding, oh, the negative
you would just show up and be like, we had a recipe box full of negative evidence cards.
It didn't even matter what the topic was, you just pull out Alan Greenspan says we're
headed for a recession.
You're armed with that when you don't want anything done.
Well, first of all, Alan Greenspan says we're headed for a recession, except when we are.
It was just like prison overcrowding, you're proposing we build a biodome, well, Alan Greenspan
says we won't have the money, I bid you good day.
Yeah, it's easier to be negative.
It's easier to keep your pizza pure.
I feel like if you have that variety in your life of more open-minded to accept, it's like
soup sort of, like people hate putting all the shit in soup, but it's like...
Who hates putting all the shit in soup?
Oh, come on, there are people, there are people.
I mean, yes, so, well, there's a core human problem, we're a rich empire, we have this
like at least successfully illusory freedom, if not actual, that's it, we have it pretty
good, like, so we have these opinions, and then you go, oh, am I defending the underdog
if I say, hey, come on, it was like that yesterday, give it a break, don't complicate it.
I make that guy sound like a teamster, so he sounds wrong, unless I was at a union meeting
and then they'd be like, yeah, that sounds like God's no, they'd be like, fuck you, you
think that's what we sound like?
But if you also said like, hey, mine's gotta be open, you know, you gotta close mine, tough
titty, welcome to America, love it or leave it, you know, like, I think that's like, people
don't know where to punch and where to deflect, they don't know when they're the underdog
and when they're the alpha, you always feel like the underdog, I always, you know, I
don't have a point here, it's just like when you're saying like, why don't you put pineapple
on pizza, like, why wouldn't you, yeah, absolutely, and then everyone's worried, I think the fear
is that if you put pineapple on pizza and like everyone keeps saying they like it with
nobody saying this is bullshit, that all of a sudden one day pineapple will be part of
pizza whether you like it or not, I think that is the genuine fear, which is also kind
of ridiculous, I think that that is like, what the problem is, that's the engine of
humanity that people go like, well, what's next, book burning? I'm not giving up, mind
comp finally, you can't burn it, it's the slippery pineapple slope, yeah, all right, so anyways,
since we have you up there, why is everyone, I mean, it's the answer is because you're
good people, why are you talking, it's hot, all right, it's hot, but it's really hot,
are they just saying it's hot? No, they're just brawl and winches. Is it like dog's
panting? That's what I'm saying. I'm gonna show them, I'm gonna show them. I'm gonna
show them, I'm going to show them, I'm showing them, I'm showing them, I'm showing
them, I'm showing them, I'm showing them, I'm showing them, I'm showing them. I'm letting
off, sorry, I'm letting off to hot temperature, well, we got a lot of smart people up here,
right, yeah, so let's, let's let's solve some problems. What Would You Rather Fight a
or 40 duck-sized horses or a horse-sized duck.
All right.
I would definitely fight, what's the big one?
The horse-sized duck.
So that's a duck, the size of a horse.
Yeah, that's no fucking problem.
Like you don't, you don't, look, do you want to fight,
well just hold on.
Do you want to fight the T-Rex
or do you want to fight the Velociraptors
if you've seen any Jurassic movie?
Exactly.
You know that the Velociraptors win.
You don't, you don't want,
you don't want a pack of something small and vicious
that can coordinate its attacks.
Yeah, but horses aren't vicious.
You want a single opponent.
Even if it's a large duck, it's still a fucking duck.
Have you ever had a,
have you ever had a duck shit in your mouth?
I have.
Like right in my goddamn mouth.
Why did that happen?
A horse-sized duck shit.
That won't fit in your mouth.
Yeah, I don't know, I'm not getting anywhere near that
with an open mouth.
What's the, what are the two?
A horse-sized duck.
Now Dan, that's a duck.
That's the size of a horse.
What's the other one?
40 duck-sized horses.
40?
Oh, Jesus.
Are they, are they the big ducks or the little ducks?
They're duck-sized.
They're not like,
oh, they're not the horse-sized ducks.
No, no.
Now even four, I'd fight 40 horse-sized horses.
They're timid herbivores that run when you say, yeah.
A duck will kick your fucking ass like a,
it's angry waterfowl that has a huge territorial instinct.
Horses don't lay eggs.
They're not going to fuck you up.
They're going to run.
I agree.
If they're the size of ducks,
I'm going to laugh while they're running.
Yeah!
They're going to wave at them.
Unless they're the horse-sized ducks.
That's true.
Yeah, so what if it was, what if you had to fight a horse-sized duck
or 40 horse-sized ducks?
Which would you take?
Well, OK, I would take the smaller, the small horses,
and I'll tell you why.
Because I already have a great technique
for handling mobs of enemies.
And I think it applies just as well to duck-sized horses
as it does to coyotes, you know?
That's all I'm saying.
This is my podcast idea.
Yeah.
Oh, no, I'm not going to show you.
Is it your running punch?
Well, if you go to the sixlerfightsanimals.com,
you can order my instructional videos,
where I teach you all the techniques,
how to dodge coyotes with a backpack,
how to take on horses with carrots,
how to take on sharks with an eyeball,
all the classic techniques.
Sharks hate an eyeball.
No, they don't.
That's the thing.
They trust it, and then you get them.
Exactly, and then you get right in there.
Are they the spear-sized eyeballs?
Sorry.
Juliana.
Get close.
Who was your friend that said, we got a black woman
over here against pineapple?
That's my boyfriend.
First date, second date.
Our first date was actually with Harmontown,
but we've been together for six months.
You seem young enough that I can ask how old you are,
if you don't mind telling us.
Oh, I'm 26.
Little baby, big baby pumpkin.
And he's 49.
And I don't judge him, I don't support him either.
I'm just saying, it's a jungle hot day.
He's actually younger than me.
What's that?
Oh, nice.
Why did I do that?
Why do I do that?
What is that instinct?
I'm going to get better.
I don't know what that is.
What is that?
That was like some kind of weird, that's OK.
I'm going to investigate that.
So you guys met at Harmontown?
Is that what you're saying?
No, we met at Long Beach, but our first date
was here in Harmontown.
So yes.
And this is what he asked me to be his girlfriend
on Harmontown.
What do you mean on Harmontown?
Well, we were here.
You're having a coffee.
What?
Oh, wait, who's that guy?
Is that your boyfriend or is that just?
Yeah, that's my boyfriend, the Asian one in the bag.
I can't see him, but I'm just there.
So while we were doing the show, is that what he said?
Yeah, he asked me, and then I thought about it.
Never a good sign.
And then my rap was so good.
If I had done one false move, if I
had had the wrong opinion about a Game of Thrones episode,
you would have gone one way or the other.
And instead, you chose to make him the luckiest Long Beach
Harbin Town fan in the Three Black Radius
for the next three to five months.
Yeah.
Statistics, say.
How is your life at LA?
Can we ask you personal questions?
Yeah, sure, you can actually ask me personal questions.
What do you do for rent paying?
Well, I used to work for the government.
What the fuck?
I don't even know if I could talk about it on here,
but I feel like it's fine.
I used to work for them.
But now I work at a medical office in Santa Monica,
which is OK, but.
A medical office, so people come in and they go,
I might be sick at some point.
Yeah, they call in, and then we're like, we might be sick.
And I'm like, well, we don't have.
Maybe we should go to the emergency room.
We don't have the means to help you, but.
Maybe you should go to the emergency room,
and they're like, no, I don't want to.
I'm like, I don't know what I can do.
So it's just a place that you tell them to go elsewhere?
I want to open up one of those.
No.
Yeah, no.
It's not like that, but if we mostly
deal with primary care, so if it's
like a huge of medical emergency,
it's like you definitely should go to an ER.
Some people come in and they go, my hand is gone.
And you're like, well, I've got a stapler and a phone.
Hi, I don't have any problems.
Well, you've come to the right place.
Does it represent any kind of like,
how close is this to your, what's your fantasy
about your career path, your vocation, your role?
I don't even want to pin you down.
Maybe you want to be the vapor of light,
but what would you hope would happen
from your very limited time on this earth?
Well, I would like to be a doctor in the future.
All right, medical office seems like, yeah,
it's like the mail room of probably, I'm assuming,
I don't know, my cartoonish understanding
of the medical industry.
Here you go, doctor, there's three sick people for you today.
Boy, I stayed up all night sorting them.
I arranged them from sick to sickish.
Hope you have a great Father's Day.
A young man, what are these?
I'm not a young man, I'm a young black woman.
I just happen to talk like this, because Dean Hyman can only
understand young Jewish men in a mail room.
He was raised on 60s musicals.
There's some blackboard medical problem that she solves.
I didn't hear that, but what's your name again?
Ralph Hunter.
Hunter, yeah.
All right, Ralph was not a good guess.
All right, what do you do?
Hard to follow, what do you do?
Computer, software engineer.
Oh, sorry, I'm sorry.
That's awesome.
Computer, software, engineer, sounded suspicious.
I don't believe that you have a job, or.
No, yeah, I worry.
You have to prove you're not a murderer.
What do you want me to say?
GPL.
No, I'll give him my own test to see if he's a murderer.
Let's say she's getting a bucket.
What does she put in it?
In what order?
OK.
Let's say she has lotion.
Oh, now you, really?
OK.
That's what tipped it in.
OK, all right, I feel like a fucking idiot.
All right.
He's a basket, right?
A basket, a bucket.
He's a basket.
All right, I'm on your side.
I'm a piece of shit.
OK, thank you.
Well, that's better news than you think.
I didn't want to think that there
was some kind of weird gauze between a reference
and it going in the hoop.
I'm glad I had it fundamentally wrong.
Thank you, all right.
So it says you're going to need a bigger bus.
All right, your name was Alon, Horpo?
Hunter, yeah.
OK.
Horpo.
It wasn't even a good guess.
I had to pass over Hunter to fake guess Horpo.
It's just bullying.
Because it's Hunter's a cool name.
Thanks, man.
I want to take it away from you.
It's a cool name.
It sounds literally like a hunter.
Yeah, sticking that, too.
It's like if your name was Fireman.
Like, it's cheating.
It's what it is.
It's cheating.
Your parents cheated.
It's Senator James Harmon.
OK, well, what are you doing and what do you want to do?
Yeah, so right now I write computer software
for a company out in Santa Monica.
Lie.
Yeah.
Yeah, what I would want to do would be, I don't know.
Shoot animals for some reason.
Shoot animals, yeah.
Or keep women in a huge hole in my basement.
Either one.
It's probably like teaching or like physics, professor,
something like that.
It might be fun.
Both teachers.
Yeah, you would want to like, but specifically,
you'd want to teach science.
What if someone said you could be
a teacher, but you have to teach bubblegum?
I'd probably be OK.
I'd probably get to teach the shit out of bubblegum.
Really?
But really, that your passion for education
is so high that you're like, yeah, it's OK if it's not physics.
Yeah, so it's something that came across at work.
What if you had to teach racism?
And not awareness of it.
You had to teach how to be racist.
What if that form came through?
God damn it.
What are they going to give me the job I want?
I love physics.
It's like some vacuum tube pill comes through
and just opens up racism.
No, I'm sorry.
I've gone off on my funny little flights of fancy.
Say what you were going to say before I forgot
what was going on.
No, no, that's about it.
Yeah, I do computer software now.
I'd probably want to teach, but not getting my hopes up.
All right.
And yeah.
Glorietta, what are you doing?
Emily.
Emily?
I just jumped in.
I don't.
I'm just bad.
I'm just a bad, I don't.
Names and faces can't do it.
Juilliard?
I loved you in that school.
Thank you.
Hunter.
Hunter, all right.
I was about to say doctor.
That's how fast it happens.
OK, Gwen.
Emily.
Diane.
Triscuit.
Trap, trap, trap, trap, Travis Johnson, the third.
Daphne.
Jennifer.
Haar, Christian.
My name is Emily Carmichael.
Emily.
Thank you.
I love your dress, by the way.
I've been in the red.
I mean, not your dress is awesome.
Awesome.
Oh.
You guys.
Stop it.
Beef.
Stop that.
Oh, god.
This is what having towers like.
It's a nightmare.
Oh, it is.
It's telling somebody you like their dress,
and then somebody else is upset.
No, I'm not the ally you want.
You both look really good.
I saw what happened there, and I was immediately,
I was like, that's me.
That's a how.
All right, so Korra, what are you doing?
What do you want to do, in any order, at any length,
in any accent from Norwegian to Spanish?
Just kidding, on the last part, just a little drunk.
What are you doing?
What do you want to do?
I direct future films, and I want
to direct future films.
What?
Privilege.
You have everything.
Why don't you go yell at bartenders?
Dream follower.
Industry hack.
Kills a realizer of dreams.
I have a totally unrelated thing,
which is that there is a person in this audience who I'm not
going to look at, because I don't want to make them feel
called out.
But there is somebody in this audience
who's just watching this show with just like a bottle of
Jameson at their foot.
And can that person help me?
Does that person have a cup?
Does that person want to share?
Again, not looking.
Again, if you wanted to just sit that one out,
you could have done that.
You didn't have to like name yourself.
That was just a freebie, you know?
Everybody, this is Annie, whose name I'm not going to forget.
She's her mansplain.
Annie.
Do you need help with that, Annie?
Are you the one that I'm disabled?
Oh, different.
Different.
Different able.
Where is it?
I don't see any kind of like.
Annie, would you like to come up to this stage
and tell us about yourself?
She's sub-hosting.
I love it.
But I like it.
Yes, keep sub-hosting.
You're doing good.
Thank you so much.
Annie, come.
Annie, it would be nice to ask you a couple of questions
we haven't seen in a while.
Do you need help?
Oh, OK, there you go.
What happens when you ask?
Yeah, yeah, here, you sit down, I'll get to you.
Let's give a hand to Dr. Horpo.
Dr. Horpo.
Just for you to keep in scar, the pro-pineapple people,
much more inclusive and open-minded.
We're clearly just like, fuck everyone.
I don't mean to lump you in with me, but it's all I got.
All I'm saying is double pepperoni, bacon, and pineapple.
Amazing.
I bet that sounds good.
Wait, Canadian bacon or bacon bacon?
No, bacon bacon.
OK, I'm on board.
I'm very glad I asked you onto the stage.
Smokiness of bacon, and then the pepperoni
and the spiciness in the pineapple.
Oh my god.
I am a little high in jerk myself.
OK, OK.
I feel like more for my brain.
I always picture you as a kind of a clean cut.
Did I cause this in you?
Are you just a high drunk person now,
because you listen to the podcast?
Oh, definitely not.
OK, OK, thank you.
Yeah, you did not corrupt me in any way, shape or form.
But I did take you from a walker to a cane, right?
Like, I cured your spinal stenosis.
Yes, that was entirely you're doing, Dan.
You just killed me up out of the mud.
I was like, oh my god.
I am no longer disabled, because Dan has shown me the way.
Yes, thank you.
Wait, are you disabled?
Yes, yes I am.
OK, how does that work?
My spine is collapsing.
Yeah, I know it was hard, because the last time
you tried to talk to me was at South by Southwest
when we couldn't hear anything.
Yeah, it was a nightmare.
Yeah, that was a nightmare episode.
But yeah, for new viewers or whoever,
Real Annie is like, well, I don't know how to qualify it.
But like, huge community fan, particularly of Annie's character,
had a blog, how to dress like Annie.
Annie dresses like this, dot org dot edu slash Annie.
I saw that.
Annie's clothes.
Saw that.
It didn't go far.
And I think at South by, you had like, it was like a walker,
right?
Yeah, I was doing like a page.
Because you have spinal stenosis.
Yeah, I have degenerative spinal stenosis
and degenerative disc disease.
And now I also have arthritis in my upper spine,
as well as collapsing discs in my thoraxes.
Well, you needed humbling.
Yeah.
It was god, the spinal stenosis was going to your head.
I found myself thinking, boy, she
needs to be taken down a peg.
I hope she gets arthritis.
It's true.
The arthritis really did it for me.
It just really hit me.
You finally thought, maybe, you know what,
I should clean up my act.
Yeah.
Well, how did you go from a walker to a cane?
Because I said to myself, well, self,
I don't like this walker.
And it was actually starting.
So my arthritis was spreading up into my neck.
And it was starting to spread into my shoulders.
And so, and I asked my doctor, why is that?
And he said, one of the reasons that is
is because when you walk on a walker,
you kind of have to push down on it a little bit.
And so when you're walking forward,
you sort of give it this pressure.
You're hunching forward, kind of.
You were using your walker as a crutch.
Right.
And they called you out on it.
It's exactly.
It's like you need it to help you walk or something.
So I said, fuck that.
And which is not unlike what I said to Dan,
if any of you remember that episode.
It's the same exact way she said it.
Exactly.
And so I just said, OK, I'm going to start using my cane more.
And so what the doctor said was, and this is probably
the best thing I've ever heard in my life,
was if you're going to use your cane more,
you're going to have to take more pain pills.
And I'm like, wait a minute, why was I not doing this sooner?
What's the downside?
Yeah.
Can my cane be one of those Christmas
canes filled with the pain pills?
Right.
I'm like, if I get rid of it, do I get more?
Is it a reward system?
Right.
It's like those billboards for AIDS where it says,
would you rather wear one of these or take all these pills?
Pills.
Yeah.
Are you crazy?
I'm like, was this a hard question?
I was actually, I've been taking one drug,
and he says, oh, my doctor said, well,
my physical medicine doctor said, oh, you could also
be taking this pill, which makes you lose weight
automatically.
And I said, why didn't you give me that in the first place?
Why didn't she give me that in the first place?
Right, I was like, what made you take a year to give me this?
I mean, it just was unbelievable.
This one attacks your pain, but the side effects
are heightened IQ, super jumping,
and pineapples on pizza.
Ability to, you'll have a portable hole.
It's our look it up.
It's a D&D thing, a bag of holding.
Don't put them in each other.
Oh, unbelievable.
No, unless you want to level a castle.
What do you think about that from time to time?
Julie, you've been awfully quiet.
I'll give you one minute to be for or against Annie's health.
Are you doing it?
I'm kidding.
Be against it.
It's so easy to be negative.
Does that mean current health or eventual health?
I don't know.
My joke, obviously, was that I'm a terrible host,
and I don't know what I'm doing.
What do you guys think about all this war?
We got 10 minutes.
It's fine.
OK, guns.
Hey, why don't we talk about your girlfriend's titties?
That sounds like an urban diss, but what he means
is that my girlfriend, she said it was OK to tell about it.
She said this happens every day.
And everybody, she found a little lump,
and it was like, so we spent that weird lump scare.
And she went in and got a mammogram.
I had seen videos of it, and she was texting me like, man,
they smashed your boob like a tortilla.
How many women?
I don't know.
I guess, well, I still don't even know what the rules are
about that.
Who's got a mammogram?
Applaud if you've got a mammogram.
Oh my god, that's so weird.
Well, I'm not hearing a lot of applause,
but that might mean, I don't know if that means like.
Usually they only give them to older women
unless you're particularly susceptible to cancer
and or bizarre illness.
I understand that, Masha, did you, have you had one?
Yeah.
Why have you had one?
Oh, I had a tumor in my ovaries, which got removed.
And so they were like, hey, let's check these out, yeah.
So, and they mash your booby on a, I saw a video of it.
Yeah, they like put this two metal plates,
and then they just like, they really
are like trying to make a tortilla.
And like, the bigger your boobies are, the more it hurts.
Like, it was funny because like, you know,
people would think, oh, the smaller they are,
the worse it would be, opposite is true.
It's very wrong.
Yeah, I would have thought that too.
How do you know?
Have you tried having smaller breasts when you got one?
I did it for a little while in the 90s, and I was like,
that is not for me.
I mean, it was the 90s.
We all were.
Yeah, every girl's had little tits at some point.
Yeah, I don't recommend it, honestly, you know.
I do.
Big breasts, that's, you know, is the best.
I hate mine.
Are you familiar with the itty bitty, titty committee?
I am.
They're an offshoot of the Bilderberg group.
And it's said that they run the Eye of Horus, which
is a plot of, now you see me, one.
And at the end of that movie, they go into a glowing carousel.
I don't care.
God is spoiled by this movie.
And I'm telling you, the good guys evaporate
into a magical mist, and now they're
going to do a second one.
Are they going to be like, whoa,
we're trans-dimensional magician robbers.
Oh, help, help, my cart broke down.
Anyways, I can't wait.
I can't wait.
Now you don't, is what it should be called.
But you can't call it that.
I think that when the first one came out, everyone was like,
now you see me.
No, I didn't.
So then they couldn't go that way if they wanted to,
because that joke was already there undoing.
Well, flying in the face of the theory
that shame would stop them from doing anything
is every frame of the movie you're describing.
So the mammogram came out OK.
Well, I think it's cool you say, yeah, it hurts.
But now I feel like I'm a guy who
has a podcast that had a girl.
I was like, everybody, can you also
say it didn't hurt that much?
No.
I'm like, what's your agenda for that?
I don't want to be the guy that helped
the platform of mammogram fear.
Well, I mean, it's not like it's one of those things
where it doesn't matter whether or not it hurts.
You want to get the mammograms.
So do you know what is the current party line of it?
Is it that you're supposed to self-check?
And then the mammogram is if you find a lump?
Is that the idea?
Yeah, so you do this thing.
You're supposed to do it in the shower,
and then you go in circles around your breasts
while you're in the shower.
It's very sensual.
I mean.
And then you're supposed to, they actually,
when you're in high school, or at least
when I was in high school, they gave us this fake, tiny
breast, and then it had two lumps.
One lump you could feel, and the other lump
you could not feel.
Oh, like the princess of the pea.
Right.
The female hero's journeys are about sensitivity.
This woman could bitch about anything.
She's the King Arthur of her gender.
That's fair.
Yeah, I'm obviously being ironic and saying
I'm on your side.
You should have had better hero's journeys than that.
So the purpose of the lump you could not feel
was that it meant that's why you need to get married.
Oh, they were like, it was like a shitty,
like, Kobayashi Maru, like, like fucking, like,
what sound of what?
Why didn't you pick the finger?
I was going to pick my own finger.
Oh, well, oh, of good, you should be a wizard.
Yes, Willow is the movie.
Yes.
Well played.
OK, all right, breast, check your breasts.
The mammogram came out all right.
But here's the thing about balls.
I love balls.
You don't get to draw a circle around your balls
in a steamy shower.
That sounded hot.
Like, that's not what you do when you check your balls.
Like, the guys in this audience are holding their balls on.
Well, they're more sensitive, right?
Well, it's like, well, there's art
on the college stall.
That's the first time you went, in my day,
when you encountered ball-checking, like, mythology.
No one teaches it until you're in college, in my day.
And there's a diagram when you get to college.
And it's just like these thumb and forefinger.
And it's just like, to do that to a ball.
And they're suggesting that you do that in the shower.
It looks like fucking pogs.
Like, it looks like tiddly winks is being played.
Like, it just looks like a fun.
And like, I'm not doing it.
Like, we'll not mush my ball like that.
That doesn't sound pleasant.
No.
I mean, now I feel like you're patronizing me.
No, no.
I love balls.
Oh, thank God, thank God.
No, no, no, like, I really am.
She seems sincere, yeah.
She seems sincere.
The pain of that ball go through.
So that does not sound pleasant.
Yeah, but now I feel bad, though.
Yeah, no.
I'm not complaining of it.
My spine's just collapsing.
Why do you think?
Why do you think I love balls?
So you were disappointed that your girlfriend didn't have
cancer?
No, no.
He's compacting a very, very long, complicated story
that was like, I love Cody so much.
It was like, I was trying to explain this to my therapist.
And I said to her, I'd never say this out loud.
Oh, really?
Because it's complicated.
I was trying to express a thing.
Why would you bring this up?
Because you said we were going to talk about it.
Well, no, I never said that.
I didn't say I'd like to talk about this aspect of it.
But it was like, it's hard to explain.
It was like, I found out I love my girlfriend so much
that I was like, kind of like, part of my brain
was like, stoked about proving it?
Like, I don't know.
And she was a little disappointed, too, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
But it's like, it's not a thing to talk about.
Like, I'd say it's a private thing.
It's like, I don't know.
It's like, complicated.
But I mean, I'm OK.
I mean, like you said.
I'm sorry, I broke your no rules rules.
If it was 8.15, I'd be like, OK, yeah,
let's make the episode about this.
I want to make this understandable.
It might not be something to talk about.
But is it something to rap about?
Best cop-troller ever!
Oh, I got this cover.
I got a song and everything.
Yo.
Give it to her.
I got Janilla area.
I got Helena area.
I got Gwen, Mary, Maria, Maria.
I got Spencer and all of your models.
I got Dan.
Excuse me for a second.
What the fuck?
I got Dan.
Yeah.
Dan, he's going to rap you.
OK, well, I was.
I got Dan.
All right.
All right, that's cool.
Our rap intern, Janessa.
All right.
Don't get discouraged.
Yo.
Yo, thank you.
Take it from the one.
One, one, two, one, one, two.
I got a one and it's going in my shoe.
I got a sock and you know what to do.
I put it on my toe and I get some glue.
I attach the shoe to my sock.
I go out and I find a sizable rock.
And I put my foot on it.
I sit there for six hours and write a sonnet.
And I say, yo, your face is like a comet.
I fucked your mama so hard.
I made her vomit.
I wanted to fucking hit me.
You Wallace gromit.
I'm going to do it.
If you Jerry and Tom it, I'm going to fuck you so hard.
I'm going to glom it on too.
Why am I trying to do that thing where you repeat
the rhyme a million times?
Those people rate those things for hours.
It's over ambitious.
Fuck your mama so hard.
They're pushing you to flowers.
That's a funeral.
Laying it on her grave.
Fuck your mama so hard.
Her life was mine to save.
Gave it CPR.
Gave it ABC.
Gave it 222.
And this is a TLC.
What?
Who's?
Just some suggestions.
There's a ghost in there.
Yo, don't get discouraged.
Yo, Harmontown is the place where rap was born.
I fucked your mama so hard or she got shorn.
I put razors inside her barn.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She told a motherfucking yarn.
All right.
That's it for the show.
Some of you should really think about yourselves tonight.
Let's have a hand for Henrietta.
Goblin.
Annie.
Helen.
Gloriana.
And Juliana.
Nicely done, Spencer.
Our Comptroller, Spencer Crittenden.
Thank you.
Helpful imp Dino Stamatopoulos.
Zach, the audio maniac.
And Dustin, the feral audio producer in the back.
Thanks to Kris Boruff.
Sarah Hill.
And Yi Sun, the feral audio guy.
And all the best.
All right.
Drive fast, take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.